Add verification step for HTTPS/TLS docs (#14297)
trinodb/trino: docs/src/main/sphinx/security/tls.rst

  http-server.authentication.allow-insecure-over-http=true

.. _verify_tls:

Verify configuration
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> To verify TLS/HTTPS configuration, log in to the :doc:`Web UI

Reviewer: may add a "you should" in here otherwise it reads as the instructions, which are below, and not a summary

</admin/web-interface>`, and send a query with the Trino :doc:`CLI
</client/cli>`.

* Restart your Trino server and connect to the Web UI from your browser using a

>   URL that begins with ``HTTPS``, such as ``https://example.net:8080``. Enter

Reviewer 2: dont use 8080 for https .. probably use 8443 .. or if behind a load balancer its just without port

also make it consistent with other example URLs on this page

  any username into the ``Username`` text box, and log in to the UI.

>   Note: The ``Password`` box is disabled while :doc:`authentication

Reviewer 2: just make this a sentence .. drop the "Note"

  <authentication-types>` is not configured.

* Restart your Trino server and connect to the Trino CLI using a URL that begins
  with ``HTTPS``, such as ``https://example.net:8080``. Send a query to test the
  connection:

  .. code-block:: sql

>     trino> --server https://example.net:8080

Reviewer 2: wrong syntax and remote port

  http-server.authentication.allow-insecure-over-http=true

.. _verify_tls:

Verify configuration
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> To verify TLS/HTTPS configuration, you should log in to the :doc:`Web UI

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To verify TLS/HTTPS configuration, log in to the :doc:`Web UI
```

</admin/web-interface>`, and send a query with the Trino :doc:`CLI
</client/cli>`.

* Connect to the Web UI from your browser using a URL that begins with

>   ``HTTPS``, such as ``https://trino.example.com:8443``. Enter any username into

Reviewer 2: either https:// or say "uses HTTPS"

  the ``Username`` text box, and log in to the UI.

  The ``Password`` box is disabled while :doc:`authentication
  <authentication-types>` is not configured.

> * Connect to the Trino CLI using a URL that begins with ``HTTPS``, such as

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Connect with the Trino CLI using a URL that uses HTTPS, such as
```
